Harmonize cpp sdk (#205)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/auth/login/index.md

## Arguments

| Arguments     | Type    | Description | 
|---------------|---------|----------------------------------|
| `strategy`    | <pre>const std::string&</pre>  | Strategy to use  |
| `credentials` | <pre>const std::string&</pre>  | JSON string representing the credentials             |
| `expiresIn`   | <pre>int</pre>     | Expiration time in milliseconds  |

#### ***strategy***

The name of the authentication [strategy]({{ site_base_path }}guide/1/kuzzle-depth/authentication/#authentication) used to log the user in.

Depending on the chosen authentication `strategy`, additional [credential arguments]({{ site_base_path}}guide/1/kuzzle-depth/authentication/#authentication) may be required.  
The API request example in this page provides the necessary arguments for the [`local` authentication plugin](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-plugin-auth-passport-local).

Check the appropriate [authentication plugin]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/essentials/strategies/) documentation to get the list of additional arguments to provide.

## Return

Returns the encrypted JSON Web Token.  

> The following actions will be authenticated.

Author: I put `Once `auth:login` is used, the returned JWT will stored by the SDK and used for all the following actions, ensuring they will be authenticated.`

> Once `auth:login` is used, the returned JWT will stored by the SDK and used for all the following actions, ensuring they will be authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `auth::login` has been called, the returned JWT is stored by the SDK and used for all the subsequent API call, ensuring they are properly authenticated.
```
